---
title: 语法
source: "[[English]]"
aliases: 
tags:
  - English
draft: false
date_created: 星期4 2024-02-22, 10:55:32 晚上
date_modified: 星期2 2024-09-17, 4:16:43 下午
---

# 语法
[[动词]]
[[基本句型]]
[[副词]]
[[时态]]
[[虚拟语气]]
[[L10_Every的用法]]
[[Why疑问句的用法]]
[[What疑问句与专有名词]]
[[人称代词的所有格用法]]



> When does he teach me English?
> When do you teach her English?
> When does he teach us English?
> What do you have?
> What does he have 
> Where do you teach him?
> where does he teach you?
> Why do you teach us English 
> Why do I teach them English
> How do you teach her History?
> When He is busy,he is angry
> That bird is in the tree when it is happy
> When that money plays in my garden, it is happy 
> When Mr.Lee teaches Marry English, she is happy 
> he is angry when he is busy
> that bird is happy when it is in the tree 
> this money is happy when it plays in my garden 
> Marry is happy when Mr.Lee theaches her English
> How many students are there in your school?
> there are ninety-three students in my school
> how many students do you teach?
> I teach twenty-seven students
> how many students does she teaches?
> she teaches thirty-one students.
> how much beer in the car?
> I don't know 
> How much beer do you drink?
> I dont't know 
> How much beer does he drink?
> How much money do you have?
> I don't know because I am drunken
> How often do you teach them muisc?
> How often does your mother teach you?
> I like that blue bus 
> Do you like that blue bus?
> yes,I like 
> Why do you like that blue bus?
> I like that blue bus because it is beautiful
> I like that garden 
> Do you like that garden?
> Yes,i like
> I like to run 
> I like to run in that park.
> He likes to run 
> He likes to run in this forest.
> She likes to swim
> He likes to run and he likes to swim 
> he likes to run and swim 
> I like to sing and I like to drive 
> I like to sing and drive 
> always 总是 
> often 常常
> usually 经常
> somtimes 有时候
> seldom 很少
> never 从不
> Her house is always dirty
> Her piano is often dirty 
> this young man is usually weak 
> that postman is sometimes busy
> their parents is seldom ...
> although that gentemen is 有钱的, He is never 懒惰的
> they is usually 伤心的 because they is often sick